In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*					expression
'hello'		values
-87.8			values
- /				expression
+					expression
6 				values


What is the difference between string and variable?
answer
A variable is just the name of a location in your computer's main memory. You have the option of selecting this. A variable may be used to hold everything from strings to integers. A string is defined as the values contained within the quotations allocated to it.

. Describe three different data types.
answer
1. integer   2. floating   3. character

. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
answer
An expression is a construct that evaluates to a single value and is made up of variables, operators, and method invocations that are formed according to the syntax of the language.
Expressions are value representations. They vary from statements in that statements perform an action, whereas expressions are a representation of value. Any string, for example, is also an expression since it reflects the string's value.

This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?
answer
An "expression" is a set of values and functions that are combined and processed by the compiler to generate a new value, as opposed to a "statement," which is merely a solitary unit of execution that does not return anything.

After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
answer
23

What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'- spamspamspam
'spam' * 3-  spam spam spam

Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
answer
because  Variable names cannot begin with a number.

What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
answer
for interger-  int()
for floating point- float()
for string- str()

Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.
answer
there is a quato missing at the end of last expression. the correct statement will be:
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos'.



